Speaker session blog post (#3387)
opensearch-project/project-website: _posts/2024-10-21-Session-Spotlight-OpenSearchCon-Keynote.md

---
layout: post
title:  'Session Spotlight: Keynote Address at OpenSearchCon North America 2024'
authors:
 - mlutton
date: 2024-10-21
categories:
 - community-updates
meta_keywords: OpenSearchCon, OpenSearch Project, Adobe, Linux Foundation, GenAI, Vector Search, OpenSearch Software Foundation
meta_description: Watch the OpenSearchCon North America 2024 keynote address and hear from featured speakers from OpenSearch, Adobe, and the Linux Foundation as they discuss uses cases along with the project’s history and future.

> excerpt: 'The Opening Keynote for OpenSearchCon North America 2024 was given by Eli Fisher, Senior Manager of Project Management at AWS for OpenSearch, alongside two very special guests: Anupam Chaturvedi, Engineering Manager for Acrobat GenAI Services at Adobe, and Jim Zemlin, Executive Director of the Linux Foundation. '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: 'The opening keynote for OpenSearchCon North America 2024 was given by Eli Fisher, Senior Manager of Project Management at AWS for OpenSearch, alongside two very special guests: Anupam Chaturvedi, Engineering Manager for Acrobat GenAI Services at Adobe, and Jim Zemlin, Executive Director of the Linux Foundation.'
```

has_math: false
has_science_table: false
youtubeID: WPVGfWoR0B8
---

> Whether or not you were able to join us in San Francisco for OpenSearchCon North America 2024 now is a fantastic time to catch up with recordings of the sessions. In our first Session Spotlight we’re bringing you back to the kickoff of the conference on September 24th, 2024. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not you were able to join us in San Francisco for OpenSearchCon North America 2024, now is a fantastic time to review recordings of the sessions. In our first session spotlight, we're bringing you back to the kickoff of the conference on September 24, 2024. 
```

> The Opening Keynote for OpenSearchCon North America 2024 was given by Eli Fisher, Senior Manager of Project Management at AWS for OpenSearch, alongside two very special guests: Anupam Chaturvedi, Engineering Manager for Acrobat GenAI Services at Adobe, and Jim Zemlin, Executive Director of the Linux Foundation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The opening keynote for OpenSearchCon North America 2024 was given by Eli Fisher, Senior Manager of Project Management at AWS for OpenSearch, alongside two very special guests: Anupam Chaturvedi, Engineering Manager for Acrobat GenAI Services at Adobe, and Jim Zemlin, Executive Director of the Linux Foundation. 
```

{% include embed/youtube.html id=page.youtubeID %}

> In this keynote Eli Fisher outlines the history of the OpenSearch Project from inception to this momentous occasion of joining the [Linux Foundation]( ) as the [OpenSearch Software Foundation](http://foundation.opensearch.org) in September 2024. Anupam Chaturvedi also dives in to the exciting use case of GenAI-assisted search in PDF documents at [Adobe](https://www.adobe.com/acrobat/generative-ai-pdf.html), enabled by the powerful vector search capabilities of OpenSearch. And finally, Jim Zemlin makes the case for the bright future of open source software and highlights the strength of partnering with projects like OpenSearch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this keynote Eli Fisher outlines the history of the OpenSearch Project, from inception to joining the [Linux Foundation]( ) as the [OpenSearch Software Foundation](http://foundation.opensearch.org) in September 2024. Anupam Chaturvedi also dives into the exciting use case of GenAI-assisted search in PDF documents at [Adobe](https://www.adobe.com/acrobat/generative-ai-pdf.html), enabled by the powerful vector search capabilities of OpenSearch. And, finally, Jim Zemlin makes the case for the bright future of open-source software and highlights the strength of partnering with projects like the OpenSearch Project. 
```

> 

Reviewer: Above: Ensure that LF link is added.

Author: Hi @natebower , 
Changes have been made!

---
layout: post
title:  'Session spotlight: Keynote address at OpenSearchCon North America 2024'
authors:
 - mlutton
date: 2024-10-21
categories:
 - community
 - speaker spotlights
meta_keywords: OpenSearchCon, OpenSearch Project, Adobe, Linux Foundation, GenAI, Vector Search, OpenSearch Software Foundation
meta_description: Watch the OpenSearchCon North America 2024 keynote address and hear from featured speakers from OpenSearch, Adobe, and the Linux Foundation as they discuss uses cases along with the project’s history and future.
excerpt: 'The opening keynote for OpenSearchCon North America 2024 was given by Eli Fisher, Senior Manager of Project Management at AWS for OpenSearch, alongside two very special guests: Anupam Chaturvedi, Engineering Manager for Acrobat GenAI Services at Adobe, and Jim Zemlin, Executive Director of the Linux Foundation.'
featured_blog_post: false 
featured_image: false 
has_math: false
has_science_table: false
youtubeID: WPVGfWoR0B8
---

> Whether or not you were able to join us in San Francisco for OpenSearchCon North America 2024, now is a fantastic time to review recordings of the sessions. In our first session spotlight we’re bringing you back to the kickoff of the conference on September 24, 2024. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not you were able to join us in San Francisco for OpenSearchCon North America 2024, now is a fantastic time to review recordings of the sessions. In our first session spotlight we're bringing you back to the kickoff of the conference on September 24, 2024. 
```

Author: Fixed!
